so I'm going to break down what I
believe makes a good service page or
offer page for B2B service or B2B
technology companies so feel free to Ste
this framework as you wish this is my
new site breaking B2B Doc and I've gone
through to our B2B SEO page so first and
foremost we want this page to rank for
B2B SEO company B2B SEO agency so you
see we structured the URL B2B hyen SEO
hyen agency
likewise we've got it in the page title
meta title and description and first and
foremost when you land on the page
unlike many SEO pages and excuse my cold
I've got mad flu at the moment that's
why I sound bunged up I like many SEO
Pages not straight away a ton of wall of
text we've got a nice hero a nice Banner
section so I've got a video
here got a clear headline explaining the
offer I've got two cool to actions where
you can either book a call or or check
some of our results got some social
proof of brands that we've helped and
then call to action there to click
through and check out some some more
customer results even got some more
social proofs of video testimonials of
sessio work that we've done for
businesses straight away below the fold
I've got pricing so people can get a
clear idea if they can afford the offer
or not which I encourage any B2B company
to be upfront and transparent it builds
trust and qualifies out any forfeit
prospects and then we come into more of
the SEO side of things so breaking down
everything we do from an SEO
perspective in terms of the process I
appreciate it's quite meta talking about
SEO on B2B SEO page we're breaking down
kind of the process How We Do It
technical SEO keyword research the
process
itself but feel free to get an idea of
essentially what I've done in terms of
building out this copy as literally
Googled SEO company B2B SEO company B2B
SEO agency looked at all the pages that
rank top three organic results and then
looked for ways that I can one up those
in every angle in terms of eat so
experience expertise or authority trust
showing Hands-On knowledge in the field
and then the other secret tip I've got
is to build out an FAQ section so but
with your FAQs to match experience
expertise Authority trust take questions
you literally get on sales calls if you
don't run sales calls yourself get with
your sales team get with your CS team
and make a list of all those common
questions and objections and and address
those directly in FAQ section at the
bottom of each service offer feature or
integration page so we've got here how
much does it cost we address that
directly why should I invest is it a
good fit why do I need SEO isn't it
quicker to invest in Google ads yes it
is but SEO is long-term Evergreen
content building trust building organic
non-paid traffic and leads why should I
trust you literally linking to cxl and I
linked did in what happens if I don't do
SEO and then backing up everything again
with some more testimonials then another
call to action to schedule that cool so
feel free to rip this framework
hopefully it looks a little bit
different to what you see for most
content in terms of appealing to both
SEO to rank so this is a brand new page
we've just built out so over time we're
going to get this ranking but also
giving the the prospective client what
they care about seeing quickly answering
those questions objections and being
upfront on pricing at the same time so
hopefully this gives you some ideas for
your B2B Tech or Service Company in
terms of product offer service or maybe
integration Pages cheers
guys